no longer offers good substitutes and was ahead by fresh and dynamic
and especially if I'm going to see what they do and what they do here, it's worth it
receives 3
they suffer from the prince street worker
besides still being bad
come on I was not alone
in a schedule that touches me a schedule
Saturday and Sunday at three to three
inma gonzález gil
a mammoth
loves the paella jalapa she the payador there a day dictated
I attended a little bit badly and I have to be
now the surprise but I will do
but here and there
which is pretty good
I accompanied the year
ecstasy this girl has not surprised you because you will have to look for a
companion opening more
inspired by a newspaper ad
isea presents how they make balears cabals and this generates this girl and not
is surprising because
the first game preview I guess that's why today is an engineer and for
of all this moment so interesting
how much you quilmes
also this level 3 television amendment
we talk to you here in 30 seconds
towards eleven o'clock at night we continue live in high season we are with
quique jiménez
condorito talking about his program
the weekends in the e3 service is called your baby and canada kristensen
I had a room song
started with doubts we have considered
the height of the neck for the lousy guests magicians to follow
and asked
to see if they had couples
clarizio the blonde be
joaquin the country has missed torito pg
get up the ballot
it was important is not if someone that the couple do not see you
will have finished add
the uncle had the truth of the Peruvian hairdresser that I had left
life is scary
we already know what we have managed to see me to coincide with the hairdressing
makeup
the water is cut the hair that there are works like the comav combat
assembly that you go to me at the same time nothing of the subject of the hairdressing been key
to get to par there will be the
that conversation with stuffed pasta room
3par
non profit are any proposal to cut my hair
jaime beard and hair with a project but for now there is not some like bilbao
in how I say mobile balbís mal said it was an ong but it does not fit me much
well halpern we discussed percent in bonuses they said in which all the
men we have a little marc ostarcevic tv3
santino
but maybe they have taken it away to the gala the question is very strong to win
Sunday series game
and always
the next year and follow the people when you go down the street because you are
quite let's say warrior no
you are a little journalist
david lomelí madrigal
Penelope says the street about 11 years old people mess with you
if the people who fall
and of course because I know a lot of people the show and her husband tmb with them
and they do not tell them, they are not many
let's see more popular than me
I'm also a character type
that people ptf tell me something iberia that they do not establish medellín their task
that for example pique
she is a graduate in fine arts litigation from god a specialized branch that is
there are days that I am in the partial natural environment where it goes I will not buy myself
again
hehehe in the afternoon to continue is so definite but I had to calamaro or
there was or not even Alberti
we exploit
too much at the time of putting in front of a camera finally the case very
different TV I think it's a bit hard on the hair
some emotion all
what you do not like the people and is a means that it was the same as the 24
hours would not vote nobody knows why is the job
of the same everything
the name of the rain nor same month of last year
aquatic head
upton and a total of 8 something of that
that I can not forget
no relevance catalunya '
the text
something so
the infrastructure
what hurt me most sometimes also saw things not when tied with
a loved one under a coma that does not paint anything in this
and say something
Latinos are giving
to the employer
o'neal problems really concern their areas
rubalcaba
almendrez is there in
bónner privacy adoraría I said normal chaves and if you leave the city
and abnormal gave nothing to the mouth of the wolf llull
I go anywhere
clearly the people I laugh when aida nízar says some program
méndez de lugo
with people's problems
I the interview optimal but I have not insulted so much on the street
for what people do tomb is TV because we put a
Bottle and burns troy
but you are provocative
he detected you go through the interviews or you pick up a famous
and it ended up getting tired
interview to one that has many new morning hours
magic wheel
I imagine that also with people when a softer way com
manuel fontán hard and there will be others that bothers the commercialization of this
vaccine to the crisis and in which the right we have had
and to two very different points people who do not
there were just as much of them as the one we've had
by maría jiménez
lion has been the best of the year
interviewee that looks like a bit of my eyes
she knew they charge a year
you de-center what you want to see
but nevertheless those who industry
bermeo sugar
long island bahamas will have problems returns us representative
the plan to tnt
and pious very tired
but suddenly a guy comes out with a lot of weird questions and he did not know very
good and not
bravo has placed at the previous level
the new ugarteburu program that stole a slight accent but without
However, now you have released your hair
we teach fashion
I will not forget
no need to be alarmed
in this same channel on the e3 television
after a long ally of the highest quality
every week with his duty
torito that since January will come true